---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E3 Performing WODs Technical Essay"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2022-09-18
published: false
---
<h2>Summary</h2>
The following is a continuation of the WOD's from browserhistory3. In browserhistory6 I learned how to create an interactive button that allows me to use both onclick and onmouse over attributes. In the onclick attribute it redirects me to the webpage that the button was clicked on and for the onmouseover attribute, it allowed me to display an image. Moreover, I learned how to use css files to to change the browser display. In Smart Phone Products with variables, instead of hardcoding the name, price and images, I stored them in variables and used javascript to display them. With invoice 1 it was an overall combination of using javascript to create tables and using expressions to calculate. During invoice 2, I had to create a shipping variable using conditional statements. Smart Phone Products 2 was a combination of using document.write(), for loops and string templates to display my products. 

<h2>Browser History 6</h2>
	
The hardest part for me was understanding how I can use buttons to display to another webpage and using onmouse over to display the image. After looking at the solution video, I realized the correct format of javascript that can transfer me to another webpage and display images. It took me a really long time to try and process the code. I knew how onclick attributes and onmouse over attributes worked however, i kept messing up with the quotations. It got really frustrating seeing one really long line of code so I actually decided to use functions with the on mouseover and on click attributes to clean it up. It wasn’t something we learned in class yet however, I decided to implement it from the youtube tutorials that I found.  It took me a while to understand how functions work and the different object properties associated with it but in the end, I managed to make it work.

<h2>Smart Phone Products With Variables</h2>
	
This was probably my favorite WOD so far since it really helped me understand how I can use variables to write on the document. The lab assignments that we did in class really helped me on how to approach the problems. I would say for this part that knowing how to use find and replace really helps your efficiency. This was also very helpful in understanding that I can move my variables into a javascript file so it can clean up my code. 

<h2>Invoice1</h2>

I would say what really helped me as well with fully understanding is the lecture videos that the professor gave. I realized that I can use string templates to call javascript variables to insert them into my table and we also had some practice from class and labs. For the longest time during my first approach, I had used single quotes instead of backticks.This made me realize that you have to be very careful and precise with what you write into your code. 

<h2>Invoice2</h2>
This WOD wasn't too bad as long as you paid attention in class when the professor went over lab 7 for conditionals. I also learned the importance of creating good comments in this WOD. When you are coding it can be quite difficult to remember what part is what if you did not comment any sections. In this WOD, I made sure to comment the different sections for calculating the shipping, tax, and subtotal.

<h2>Smart Phone Products 2</h2>
This WOD was really helpful as it made me realize that I can remove a lot of repetitive code and write a conditional statement that allows me to add onto products. I also learned how to properly use an eval function in a for loop.   
<h2>Conclusion</h2>

During my experiences with the WOD’s so far, there have been some challenging moments especially in invoice 1. Getting familiar with java script syntax was something that I had to keep practicing everyday. Compared to the first 3 WOD’s, I had a better understanding of what to do since I learned a little bit of CSS in my ics101 class. However, with javascript everything was relatively new and what helped me was practicing on my own. Most of my time spent on my own was watching a youtube video on an introduction of JavaScript. As the WOD’s definitely helped with my problem solving skills and working efficiently, I wouldn’t have been able to even start them if I did not really have a solid foundation on the basics of Javascript such as using operators, variables, and string templates . 

My next time around approaching the WOD’s I could definitely do better in taking less time looking at the professors' help. The beautiful thing about writing code is that there is no single way to end up with a definite answer. Everyone can have their own way of reaching a solution, although some are more efficient than others. The best practice is to really try your way of solving the solution first. If you don't know where to start, I feel that it is okay to try and look at how others approach the problem, however It is bad practice to just copy everything and memorize the approach. It is important to really understand the code and maybe fiddle around with the values to see what you could do differently. When you're done ask yourself, how can you apply all the materials you just learned? Why is this useful?  
