---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E4"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2022-11-09
published: false
---
<h3>My programming skills have greatly improved in the following ways</h3>
I feel that my programming skills have improved a lot since taking ITM352. Specifically, with debugging, as I feel more confident in spotting my mistakes. I would like to think that not only has my coding skills developed but it has also taught me a lot of patience. Its normal for coding to be frustrating and receive many errors, however this class has taught me how to patiently persevere through it. 
<h3>I need to work on the following to improve my programming skills:</h3>
I feel that I need to improve working on sending data from get/post requests. In my assignment 2 I realized that I would need to have a form that will take me to the login page and I need to successfully send the data that I have submitted over to finally reach the end result of my invoice page. 
<h3>I have learned a lot from doing WODs and I can do them without copying the screencast:</h3>
If I were to go back to the WODs again to redo them, I would feel confident to do them without copying the screen cast. I saw the screencast as a way to look at how others approach the problem and problem solving skills. This has helped me take advice from the screencast and I feel confident that I can do them on my own if I were to do them again. 
<h3>The labs have help me learn and I am able to complete them with confidence:</h3>
The labs have helped me conceptually understand the topics significantly. However, one issue is that most of the code writing has been from the professors' help in class. As a result, I feel that I had to learn how to successfully write them on my own. After learning the concepts in class and approaching the labs on my own I feel that I am able to complete them with confidence. 
<h3>I learned a lot from my experience doing Assignment 1 and feel ready to work on Assignment 2:</h3>
During Assignment 1 I feel that I have learned a lot about post/get requests and validations. It was interesting to see how I can do so much by interacting with server side processing. After practicing with it and fully understanding what I can do with the server and client, I feel that in the next step for assignment 2 the approach will be similar. 
<h3>I think the class can be improved to help my learning in the following ways:</h3>
One thing that I can say that might help the class improve my learning is to go over the on your own problems. I know it can be tedious and take up a lot of the class times however, I believe that if there was a resources tab under laulima where it shows a video of the solutions it can benefit the students greatly
<h3>What helps me the most in class are (WODs, Labs, class website, screencasts, readings, quizzes, one on one help, working with classmates, etc.):</h3>
What has helped me the most in the class are working with classmates and the WOD’s. The WOD’s have helped me with the concepts and understanding the basics of the topic. Afterwards, talking with classmates has helped me further understand my knowledge as teaching and listening to ideas helped me critically think. 

