---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E6"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2022-12-14
published: false
---
**Briefly describe your system (e.g. A store selling Pokemon game cards)**

Our website is a betta fish which are also known as siamese fighting fish. The website sells fish tanks, plants, and fish. 

**Any notable shortcomings, bugs, problems, or additional features not implemented? One shortcoming is our navbar for our website.** 

We implemented a new navbar that was collapsable and app friendly. However, due to time constraints, we were unable to implement the new navbar for our admin page.

**Describe what you are most proud of about your system:**

One thing that I am most proud of is how easy it is to navigate through our website. Moreover, our website displays dynamically when a user logs in. 

**Describe what you are least happy with your system:** 

One thing that I feel like could have been improved with our system is the edit page. The edit page maybe could have added a change username as well.

**How was developing this assignment different than assignment #2?**

In my opinion it was an easier time doing assignment 3 since cookies and sessions were a lot easier to use than pass in values through the parameters.

**When you ran into a problem, what did you do to address it?**

When a problem occurred, I would ask my teammates, ask the professor for help, or look through the modules on itm website. I would also look up online to read about the API or other links. 

**Describe what worked well in doing this assignment?**

We got a functioning cart, admin page, display page and all the ir’s were implemented. We also all made sure to start early on the project this time and not procrastinate. Also we worked really well as a team. If one of got stuck, then we asked each others for help. This helped spread ideas and problem solve together. 

**Describe what did not work well in doing this assignment?** 

We encountered many issues when we tried to push and pull each other's assignments. Stuff such as the products_data file, user_data, or comments. 

**What did you learn from doing this assignment?** 

When working with the team, I learned a lot about styling, cookies and sessions, DOM objects, and hard work.

**If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you change?**

I would go back and put in the new header for the admin page. ##Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging (a)thinking about how to do something 30% (b) writing code (but do not include testing 30% (c) testing and debugging 40%

**Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself) and explain briefly your rationale for the percentage breakdown. Be sure to include an overview of what specifically you and your partners contributed (e.g. “I worked on the security and my partner 1 worked on personalization”)**

Overall, we tried to problem solve together and worked together as many times as possible. We tried to split the project equally between all of us Bobby 40%: Stayed after meetings and tried to problem solve the issue that was unfixed Alex: 35%: spent many hours outside the meeting problem solving and creating parts of the project
Eva: 25%: She was in the meeting and did the parts that were asked of her
