---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "WOD E-1"
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2022-08-26
published: false
---

<b>BrowserHistory1</b>
For my first time trying to attempt BrowserHistory1 I received an AV time of around 17 minutes. 
The instructions were pretty straight forward and I had utilized the resources the professor gave us. During my first attempt I set up my webpage using the tags that I knew how to do such as setting the paragraphs and headings for my browser. When it came to the referencing part, I knew how to do it since we did it working on Lab2 in class. After I figured out the links, I had to set up a table of contents section. I used this web page for reference at https://htmldog.com/guides/html/beginner/lists/ a website that was listed by the professor. When I read through the web page it talked about the difference between an ordered list and an unordered list and this was a helpful tool to know as an ordered list shows a list being numbered such as (1,2,3,4…) and an unordered list shows bulleted lists. During this time I was sitting comfortably for around 5 minutes. However instruction 6 was the part that took the longest for me to figure out. I used the same resources as I referenced above about links. The following URL is found at https://htmldog.com/guides/html/beginner/links/. This part took me the longest since I usually tend to skim read and look over parts. It was not until I finally decided to closely re-read the section and realize that I can use “A link to send a user to another part of the same page they are on.” This was quite helpful in understanding that I can use this for not only external links but for jumping through different sections of my current browser. After that was simply putting in pictures like we did in class. However, I ended up taking a lot more time than I had to since I downloaded the pictures and moved them into a folder in my VS code. It wasn't until later, when I watched how the professor completed everything that you can simply copy the url address. 

<b>BrowserHistory2</b>
During my first attempt on BrowserHistory2 I received a Sd time of 17Minutes and 20 seconds. When I first started on BrowserHistory2 I used the same approach as I did for BrowserHistory1. I tried to see how far I can get without looking at the screen cast. I first had to set up a css file which I learned how to do creating a webpage on a Lab2 activity assignment. I then linked the css file in the head of my index.html. This was relatively straightforward as I just had to link a css file. The first direction told me to set all my headings to Oswald. When I tried using the font-family I realized that there was no font family called Oswald. I was absolutely confused until I went through the professor's resources and I found a website called “10 Useful Google Fonts” found at http://www.mrmcguire.com/10-useful-google-font-combinations-for-your-next-site/. The first thing I did was hit control-f on my keyboard and type in Oswald. I found that I can use Oswald font by linking, similar to how I did for my heading for linking to my css file. I opened up my live server and it worked out. The next thing I had to do was have all my non-headings be of Open-Sans. This also gave me confusion since there was a sans-serif but not an open-sans font family. I thought they were the same so I decided to adjust my paragraph sections to be sans-serif. The other steps were me mostly doing some google search to figure out how to set the font color and how to set margins in my css. The Intellisense help was also helpful in providing me hints. The final step was to set an inline-text for my logos. I displayed my images to be inline however, I did not understand how I could make my pictures move to the left and be inline with the text. This was when I ended up looking at the screencast for help. I realized that I can use float left to display images being in-line. 

<b>BrowserHistory3</b>
BrowserHistory 3 was very difficult for me. I first attempted to try doing it on my own and I figured out how I can remove bullet points and display them inline. However when it got to splitting them into 3 columns I decided to watch the screencast. Watching the screencast for BrowserHistory3 was very beneficial to me as I learned the importance of div tags and how I can use it to separate into categories. Moreover, I learned the importance of margins and paddings. These were quite difficult for me to grasp as I had trouble distinguishing between the two. I watched other youtube tutorials and I came to realize that if you were to draw a border around your text, a margin is the distance between the outside borders and padding is the distance between the inside border. BrowserHistory3 overall taught me the fundamentals of paddings, margins, floats, and div tags which I found were very interesting and useful.
